Make v3 standard operation (#160)
thinkst/canarytokens-docker: README.md

## Migrating to v3

* Depending on whether you're using letsencrypt: `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml down`
  or `docker compose -f docker-compose-letsencrypt.yml down`
* If running on an older version of Docker, you will need to [upgrade](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).
* `docker-compose` no longer works, and you will need to run `docker network prune` before bringing up your Canarytokens instance with `docker compose`. Canarytokens v2 will still work.
* Pull the latest version of the `canarytokens-docker` repo.
* And correspondingly: `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d`
  or `docker compose -f docker-compose-letsencrypt.yml up -d`

> NB: The updated `canarytokens-docker` repo no longer has the Dockerfile for Canarytokens v2, so running that requires using the tagged image `thinkst/canarytokens:v2_latest`. We highly recommened moving to v3. Please contact us if you battling with the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NB: The updated `canarytokens-docker` repo no longer has the Dockerfile for Canarytokens v2, so running that requires using the tagged image `thinkst/canarytokens:v2_latest`. We highly recommend moving to v3. Please contact us if you're battling with the migration.
```
